In of video we learn how to install dependencies using NPM.
Now we will learn how to use the you know code.
First of all you need to make sure you are in servers folder if you are in.
Open up your favorite text editor.
My favorite text editor is Visual Studio.
So we used to decode and you want to drag the entire project folder which is Amazonas to your text editor.
Now you want to click here and you want to right click on the server and you want to create a new file
and you want to give a name server.
Yes.
The next thing we need to do is to get all the dependencies that we just install.
So let's go ahead and cons
require is a function to get the dependencies in other programming languages like Python or Ruby.
You easily use import Express for example or express or or.
In a nutshell require is slight import.
So in this so I've explained explain to you guys what each of the dependency does express is a web framework
you can create routes like get Bowse or to be more specific you are l.
It is a framework to create Hastey to be Rupp's Morgan is he she to be requests logger for.
No no.
Yes it is a middleware it simplifies the process of logging requests to your application Nexxus body
parser but the parser is actually a data reader so technically even an install body parser no jast cannot
really communicate with the front and data.
For example if you want to log in and you want to pass in your username and password no jazz has to
understand what kind of data is that to be able to do something with it.
Finally is mongoose mongoose a Mongolia region.
So now you can communicate directly from non-jazz to the Maunganui database within easy to use user
interface.
You'll see the power of mongoose later on.
Now we need to teach our non-jazz on how to use all these dependencies to do so we need to create an
instance of express dependencies so go ahead and do that cons Express once created.
Now we can use that.
So to use
this
first line is simply reading data in a specific format which is adjacent format.
Second line is your uncoated is we put as false because in future we want to read an image as well.
It can read all sort of data types.
Finally is Morgon which will lock out all the requests on the terminal.
I know right now it is very subjective but as we dive in more you'll understand why do we need all these
dependencies in this video.
We will learn.
I mean sorry in this video we learn how to import the dependencies in the next video.
We will run our first server.
I'll see you guys in next few.